[wind blowing]
♪ Why does the sun
Go on shining? ♪
♪ Why does the sea
Rush to shore? ♪
♪ Don't they know
It's the end of the world? ♪
♪ 'Cause you don't
Love me anymore ♪
♪ I wake up in the morning ♪
♪ And I wonder ♪
♪ Why everything was the same
As it was ♪
♪ I can't understand
How life goes on
The way it does ♪
♪ Why does my heart
Go on beating? ♪
♪ Why do these
Eyes of mine cry? ♪
♪ Don't they know
It's the end of the world? ♪
♪ If only when you said ♪
♪ Goodbye ♪
[Rita] Are we sure
we're sober enough
to lead the way?
Oh, I don't know,
I think so.
A pile of dead corpses
in a giant crater
is fairly sobering.
That said...
I do think there's something
very familiar about Immortus.
But I just can't place it.
Well, that's because
it's not Immortus,
it's Isabel fucking Feathers!
[Cliff] Shit.
Is it Immortus or isn't it?
The fuck do you care?
[Cliff] Immortus!
[whisper shouting] Immortus!
- [fake cough] Immortus!
- Will you shut up?
Nobody thinks it's funny.
It's your fault why
we're in this fucking mess.
Come on,
it's not all my fault, right?
It's a little bit
Larry's fault too.
Dorothy?
Where'd you come from?
And who's the chick
in the jumpsuit?
Cliff, not now, Please.
Casey.
You okay?
My father is... dead.
Some part of me always knew
his story would end like this.
But that other man,
Wally Sage?
He was my creator. And...
the only one
who could explain why I'm here.
To lose them both...
I don't know why
you're here, Casey.
But I'm glad you are.
We'll figure this out together.
I promise.
[sighs]
Hey, should I be
worried about this?
Honestly? I don't know.
Can't really say
I saw this one coming.
Yeah, I gotta get
the hell out of here.
Are you calling an Uber?
Bro, we just blew up
a pocket dimension
in the middle of Ohio.
I gotta go check
on my wife and kids.
- [laughs]
- Come on, man.
A'ight, you go be a dad.
[laughs] I'll handle this.
You really do love it,
don't you?
- How's that?
- You know.
This.
Man, you looked like
your old self back there.
Those freaky ass
Scissormen couldn't wipe
the grin off your face.
Hey, by this
you're talking about
me being Cyborg--
No, no. Nah.
You were right about that.
You can't just go back
to being Cyborg.
At least...
not the old Cyborg.
[cell phone chimes]
That's my ride.
[grunts]
- Get home safe.
- All right.
I'll talk to you.
Come on.
[panting]
So, what's the verdict?
Should one of us
go check on her,
ask if she's doing all right?
Ask if she's doing all right?
She just exploded
and killed
half a dozen people!
She needs to
be destroyed.
Wow, that is big talk
for someone
who couldn't even handle
killing a fake Wally Sage.
Maybe there's
somewhere between,
you know, hospitality
and homicide?
- Homicide?
- Yeah.
I don't want to murder
some random girl!
[Cliff] Or get murdered
by some random girl.
[Larry]
What if we're following
the wrong girl?
Are we sure that's Immortus?
[Cliff] Immortus?
[in high pitch] Immortus?
[in accent] Immortus?
[Rita] Oh, for fuck's sake.
Isabel?
Isabel Feathers?
Yeah?
Prepare yourself,
Isabel Feathers.
Did ya'll just say
"Isabel Feathers"?
[sighs]
You found Isabel Feathers!
[laughs]
[jingle playing]
After several months,
the body of Isabel Feathers
has been found,
and that body is alive.
So, Isabel,
we're dying to know.
Where have you been
all this time?
Where have I been?
I guess you could say
I was lost in
the fabric of reality.
Somewhere outside
of space and time.
[Jonathan]
Outside of space and time.
I see.
And what was that
like for you?
There are no words...
[distorted] to accurately
describe my experience.
I witnessed
the rise and fall
of civilizations.
I stared into the heat death
of the universe
and heard the answer
to the final question.
My body was everywhere
and nowhere all at once,
and my screams echoed
back to me through the eons
like a chorus
of haunted memories.
The only escape was death,
and death was revealed to be
nothing but an illusion.
[Cliff] This is what
we do now that
we're old and decrepit?
Watch supervillains
on television?
This girl looks like
she's definitely
about to explode again.
[Rita] We should've
taken her out
when we had the chance.
Uh... [sighs]
I'm sorry, I don't know
why I said that. I...
So, Isabel,
we're dying to know,
where have you been
all this time?
Okay, what the fuck was that?
Oh my gosh, Jonathan.
I honestly can't explain
the wheres and hows
of what happened to me.
It was just, like,
so deep, you know?
What I can say
is I really used that time
to work on myself.
My brand. You know?
I stopped asking
"Where is Isabel Feathers?"
and started asking,
"Who is Isabel Feathers?"
[Cliff] This is what we do now
that we're old and decrepit?
Watch supervillains
on television?
[Jane] Maybe that explosion
was a one-time deal. I mean,
this theater geek
doesn't seem like
the vengeful time-god type.
Uh-huh, did no one
else see that?
I saw enough. Isabel,
Immortus, is a threat
that needs to be removed.
Oh please. We all know
what Immortus is capable of.
Also, she's not just Immortus.
She's my former archenemy...
Thespian archenemy.
Isabel Feathers
is no thespian, Jane.
She's a two-faced,
mm, dinner-theater caliber
pretty-faced witch who
might just be a world killer.
- We need to destroy her.
- Rita's right.
You know, I got a strange
sense of deja vu when I was
watching that interview.
One minute, like,
she was kinda dangerous
and kind of weird
and then the next minute,
she was just this
normal ordinary girl.
[Larry] Maybe she's dangerous
and normal, like us.
We should leave her alone.
[Cliff] Please, please,
please, please...
[gasps] No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck,
fuck, fuck, fuck.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Fuck!
Cliff?
Oh, my God. What do we do?
What do we do?
[breathing heavily]
What?
Um, I was just checking
to see if anybody wanted
to have ice cream.
- Why would anyone want
ice cream right now?
- Nobody wants ice cream.
- I feel like a soft serve or...
- Get a hold of yourself, man.
All right, fuck off.
You guys can't keep
giving me shit for this.
I didn't lose our longevity.
We all lost
our longevity together.
- Don't even fucking
start with me.
- This is 100% your fault.
- This is not a good look.
- [Madame Rouge] I agree.
This is why we need to act.
We need to figure out
exactly what is going on
with Isabel, Immortus.
It's our best chance at
getting out of this mess
that Cliff has gotten us into.
[Cliff] You're kidding me?
[Jonathan] So, Isabel,
are you excited about
the big rescue celebration
going on this afternoon?
And do you expect that some
of the heroes that saved you
will make an appearance
in the parade?
Uh, I'm sure they'll be there.
They're just as happy
I'm back as...
everyone else is, right?
[Jonathan]
Well, why in the World of Wut
would they not be, right?
[both laughing]
That's it! Hm?
That's the cover we need
to go into town and figure out
what's really going on here.
We've practically been invited.
I'm right here!
Stop shouting!
Sorry. I thought
I heard something.
You okay?
I don't know, Dr. Stone.
You try aging 15 years
in an afternoon.
[Cliff] I'm with Jane.
We're literally
getting too old for this.
[Larry] Face it, Rita.
It's over. We lost.
Immortus was just a bunch
of comic book bullshit.
It doesn't really matter to me
whether Isabel
is an ordinary girl
or an ordinary despotic
time monster.
I have to figure out
what to do with
the little time I have left.
Perhaps you're right.
We are all getting older.
Even though I am the one
who has aged
more than anyone else,
and I am still ready
to kick some ass.
Uh, right, let's get to work.
[Dorothy] Okay, so this...
is my father's spaceship.
Whoa, holy smokes, kid,
a spaceship?
It looks, uh,
super aerodynamic.
[clanging]
So, uh, what kind of engine
you workin' with here, huh?
Dutonium fire-water?
Combustible neutron droplets?
Purple Crystals?
It runs on apples.
You feed them
to a mountain goat
over the dashboard.
Huh.
How are you feeling, Casey?
Okie-dokie.
I don't know-kie.
Out of all the real life
feelings I've experienced
for the first time, this is...
really the worst,
you know.
No one likes
to feel that pain.
Sometimes it stays
with you forever.
But grief is like a gift.
Just like smell and taste.
All of these things
let you know
that you're alive.
That you're real.
[sniffles] I just wish
I could turn the page.
But that's why
I brought you here.
[sighs] I want you to
have my father's ship.
You can go anywhere
you want to.
I don't know. I've never
been driven by goat-apple
power before, so...
[Casey sighs]
[exhales]
I think I need
a new mission.
A mission?
Here on Earth?
Well, I guess I have
a mission of my own right now.
These people here,
they're family to me.
They're the only family
I have left,
and they're dying.
[sighs] I have
to help them.
[Casey] Well, it sounds
pretty important.
Maybe this time
I'll be your sidekick.
That is
if you'll have me aboard.
[laughing]
[Larry] I'm sorry, pal.
Things didn't go
the way we hoped.
I swear, I'll give you
all I can until
my very last breath.
[Rama] Quite depressing, mate.
Slightly less depressing
than the robot in your garage,
but only slightly.
Rama? Is that you?
I... I thought
you disappeared.
[Rama]
Not so much disappeared.
More of, uh, disassembled.
I think your little
glowing friend
got a little carried away
and, well, obliterated me.
Did you?
Oh, I'm sorry. I had no idea.
Think nothing of it.
It's just, I need your help.
Uh, okay, all right.
If I were
a defrosted Zombie Butt,
where the hell would I be?
[groans]
I would be-- [grunts] No.
What's the worst thing
that could happen?
Buttpocalypse 2?
Or... maybe
Immortus destroys the world
before the Zombie Butts
destroy the world
and it'll be my little secret.
[laughs]
- [mechanical whirring]
- [coughs] Shut up!
Fucking Parkinson's!
Fucking aging!
Fuck you! [groans]
- Fuck!
- Cliff?
- Huh? Oh! Hey, kid!
- [whirring stops]
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
Totally not reckoning
with my mortality in multiple
very-real scenarios.
- Follow me.
- I'm actually a little busy
but... [groans]
Okay, we're fine.
Where are we going?
[Madame Rouge]
Jane? Jane, where are you?
Jane, where have you gone?
Where the hell am I?
Why can't I find my way
back to my station?
- Where did you go, Jane?
- I can't find you!
- [Rita] Is she coming back?
- I'm lost.
I'm lost
in my own fucking head!
Somebody help me?
Somebody help me, please!
[Casey] I can help you.
Why the fuck
were you in my head?
- I'm not sure
what you mean by that.
- Whatever.
I'm out of here.
Tell the rest
of the Power Rangers
no karate in the house.
- What's the plan, Rita?
- As I've been saying all along,
find Immortus, and do
whatever needs to be done.
If Isabel puts one little
pedicured toe out of line,
she's as good as dead.
Since when did you become
dark and vengeful?
Hm, apparently
it's been a thing
for quite some time now.
I'm sick of good guys
and bad guys.
The Agents of Immortus
were good guys,
and look where it got them.
We will never
get our longevity back
if we ask nicely.
Get your longevity?
Wait, that's what
this whole thing
is really about?
- [Isabel] Oh, thanks.
- There she is.
Thank you so much
for being here,
it's truly an honor.
[gasps] You saw my show?
Oh, I would love
to sign that.
Hi, there, I'm Claire.
Claire Delaire.
The Cloverton Mayor.
Would you happen to be
the Dune Patrol?
Did I say that right?
It's actually the Doom Patrol.
And, yes, I suppose we are.
As I live and breathe.
Everyone, gather round!
- Come, come, come.
- [indistinct chatter]
Wait, what's wrong?
I was, I was...
I was halfway through
the opening
of my autobiography...
[distorted]
"Feathers in the Wind"!
[thunder rumbling]
[gasps]
Oh, of course.
And who should
I make it out to?
Would you happen to be
the Dune Patrol?
Did I say that right?
- Uh, it's actually--
- Everyone!
It's the Doom Patrol!
[chuckling]
[indistinct chatter]
My heroes!
I am so glad you're here!
This is the greatest
Rescue Celebration Day
we've ever had.
[crowd] Yeah.
[Rama] Let's not despair.
There's surely some solution.
There always is.
[Larry] I don't know
if there is a solution.
I made a mess of everything
while you were gone.
- How's that?
- It doesn't matter
how it happened.
The bottom line:
Immortus was a lie.
Everything you told me,
everything you believed,
all of it was a lie.
Now, my longevity is gone
and I'm rapidly aging
to my death.
You know as well as I do
the dangers of aging
to a radioactive being.
If I destabilize as my body
breaks down, I'll become
a geriatric dirty bomb!
Keeg, what the hell
are you doing?
We're not alone in here,
that radiation is deadly.
[Rama] Wait!
Keeg's onto something.
I'm in this mess
because my electrons
have been dispersed.
A healthy dose of radiation
might allow me
to siphon the particles
I need to rehabilitate myself!
- Are you feeling this?
- Yes!
[electricity buzzing]
- Et voila!
- [groaning]
[electricity crackling]
[straining] Come on!
Stay with me!
- Don't let go!
- [both grunting]
- I've got you. We've got you!
[both groaning]
[both sigh in relief]
- [both chuckle]
- [breathing heavily]
[breathing heavily]
Great work. Thank you.
[Larry] No problem.
[slow instrumental
music playing]
Hey, have you see anything
weird around here lately?
Like, weirder than normal?
Like, small?
And possibly dangerous?
- No.
- Cool. Cool, me neither.
So, what's the deal, kid?
So, I was thinking about
how you've been having
trouble getting around.
And now that
you're getting older,
I thought...
- You thought?
- Papa's old chair!
- I want you to have it.
- Why?
- Why? To use it.
- Fuck, no.
Sorry. I meant, fuck, no!
I would literally rather die.
What do you mean?
This chair will make your life
so much better.
You think
that'll make my life better?
Did you get the impression
that Niles was thrilled
with his life?
I'm sorry,
I didn't mean to upset you.
I see what you're trying to do.
Everyone hated Niles,
and now everyone hates me.
So, what,
I'm supposed to be
the new Niles?
Wheel around
and fuck up everyone's lives?
- No, fucking thank you.
- I know you and Papa
didn't get along...
I hated him in life
and I still hate him in death.
Even when his ghost asked
for my help, I told him
to haunt the fuck right off.
[somber music playing]
You... you spoke
to Papa's ghost?
Er... Uh, yeah, er...
I didn't tell you because...
Well, maybe
you haven't noticed, kid,
but I'm an asshole!
So, stop trying to pity me
and leave me the fuck alone.
[sighs wearily]
What the fuck
are you doing in my room?
Oh! Is this your room?
That... that is so,
uh, unexpected.
I was just... uh...
I was just...
I'm sorry,
I was just trying to help.
And I think I got
a little carried away.
- I love your paintings,
by the way.
- Who are you again?
I'm Space Case.
But my secret identity
is Casey Brinke.
- I guess
it's not really a secret.
- [groans softly]
[groans]
I don't give a shit.
You seemed like
you could use
a hand earlier, so...
I took the liberty
of organizing
this amazing puzzle.
[sniffles]
Who gives a shit
about a fucking puzzle?
[sniffles]
Listen, I used to be
a fictional character
so I'm not always right
about these things.
But I got the sense
that this puzzle had some sort
of emotional significance
- So I figured--
- Are you still talking?
You can't
just come into my room
and expect to fix my life.
My life is fucked up
beyond your understanding.
You're hurting.
I can tell.
But, uh...
these feelings,
they let you know
that you're... alive.
That you're real.
[both laughing]
I don't know where you heard
that fortune cookie garbage,
but they need to get
their facts straight.
I'm not real.
I'm just a construct.
I'm not real,
this puzzle isn't real,
and guess what?
You are not real either.
You said it yourself,
you're fictional.
You're not real.
You're not a superhero.
You're just a nosey girl
who organizes other people's
shit into random piles.
[whimpering]
- I guess I still have
a lot to figure out.
- [sniffling]
I'll leave you alone.
They aren't random piles,
by the way.
They're organized by color.
[jingle playing]
We're back again
with the woman of the hour,
Isabel Feathers.
[Isabel laughs]
And joining her,
is the woman behind
the woman of the hour,
Gertrude Cramp.
Girl power. Am I right, ladies?
- [Isabel giggles]
- [chuckles]
Now, Miss Cramp,
I'm told that you were actually
the understudy
of Isabel Feathers
in a critically acclaimed
production of Our Town.
Well, that's not even
the juiciest part
of the story, Jonathan.
World of Wut would you say
if I told you
that Isabel was playing a role
in Our Town based on me?
It truly was an incredible
performance by me.
[chuckles nervously]
It takes a lot of talent
to portray such
a tragic character.
I'm sure you remember
the day she blobbed out
and nearly destroyed
the entire town.
I think,
it's important to remember
that, at the time,
I was trying very hard
not to destroy the town.
[giggles] I mean sure.
That's what made playing
your character so complicated.
But easy for me.
[chuckling]
And I assume, you have
a background in acting as well,
Miss Cramp?
I dabble. Many have said...
I know it sounds crazy,
but I'm telling you,
something is wrong.
[Jonathan] Gertrude,
you are simply amazing!
[distorted]
Consider this a warning!
Tell your friend to back
the fuck out of my moment,
or there will be
nothing left of her
but a pile of acrylic nails
and the smell of vodka.
[tape rewinding]
Well, that's not even
the juiciest part
of the story, Jonathan.
Okay, tell me
you felt something there.
Yeah?
Aside from
the overwhelming boredom?
No. She does not fit
the supervillain profile.
[Jonathan] Now, let's meet
the rest of your team.
Laura De Mille, Victor Stone.
Welcome to World of Wut.
So, Victor,
you are not Cyborg anymore,
what's that like?
Uh...
[metal clangs]
[electronic buzzing]
- [electronic buzz]
- [grunting]
Fuck.
[whirring]
Just so you know,
I'd be having trouble
with these steps
whether
I was in a chair or not.
[metal thud]
Cliff, I'm sorry
if I've upset you.
But you're going to have
to take care of yourself
if you want
to be there for your family.
Be there for my family?
How exactly is
an invalid robot supposed
to be there for his family?
You have to let people
take care of you.
It's not your condition
that's a burden,
it's your obstinance.
Why do you have
to make it so hard?
Because
I can take care of myself.
If you can take care
of yourself, then walk up
the damn steps.
I don't want to.
Maybe I like it here
at the bottom.
Okay, then walk with me
to the elevator.
- No.
- [yelling] Why won't you
let me help you?
[yelling]
Because I don't deserve it!
Trust me, kid,
I don't deserve love.
I don't even deserve pity.
I've been trying so hard
to leave something behind
that's worth a damn,
but I just keep
fucking things up more.
It'll be better for everyone
when I'm dead and gone.
[angrily]
Don't say that, Cliff.
- [metallic thud]
- Don't ever say that.
Your death won't hurt you
nearly as much as
it will hurt the people
who have to live with it.
Do you have any idea
of all the things
I wish I could have said?
All the moments
I wish we could have shared?
And now that you're closer
than you've ever been
to the end,
you just want to waste time?
[exhales]
People love you, Cliff.
- And people want to help you.
- [Cliff sighs]
Don't let them down.
When the others get back
from the parade we will then
talk about what's best.
The parade? That's right!
The parade!
The parade for heroes.
Heroes like us.
You're right!
There are people who love me.
But I need to remind them why.
Save the fucking chair.
I've got a parade to attend.
[footsteps approaching]
Is this, uh, your usual
thinking spot, because
I can go somewhere else.
[sighs]
You know, a few days ago,
I didn't exist.
Yesterday everything
I cared about ceased to exist.
I should just be...
grateful for the...
heat of the sun
and wind in my ears
and that weird smell of my sock
when I take off my boot.
[Jane chuckles]
But... I'm not.
I just feel empty.
Empty's a good word for it.
[sighs] I thought
I needed a mission.
Something to give me purpose.
Purpose?
Purpose is overrated.
Maybe it's okay not to know
what your next mission is.
Maybe that leads
to a new kind adventure.
I heard about
this dumb parade in town,
if you'd want to go
check that out with me,
for a bit.
You know, I was just thinking
that this planet
has the perfect amount
of gravity for a parade.
[groans]
[groans, sniffles]
[chuckles]
[soft music playing]
Tell me. Why did you do it?
We had a plan.
We almost escaped
Orqwith together.
Why go back to Immortus?
[sighs]
[Larry] You weren't there.
You can't understand.
I had to make a choice.
I did what I felt I had to do.
I don't... I don't get it.
You never struck me
as the impulsive type.
I mean that sounds more like...
[electrostatic buzzing]
Ah!
[Larry] What?
I think I understand now.
No, you couldn't possibly.
Listen.
I don't know what part of you
needs to hear this
but you have to know,
there is no shame
believing in miracles.
I spent my life
believing in them.
I don't plan on stopping now.
Belief in miracles got Wally
and the others killed.
I can't wait around
for miracles, Rama.
I have to live
in the real world.
You promised
we'd find another way.
Well, you might want to check
the shelf life on that promise.
I need to find
a new home for Keeg.
We're dying, remember?
I can't take care of him,
you can't take care of him.
[bursts in laughter]
[laughing]
Had you already penciled me in
as a foster option
for the little one?
No, I didn't...
I didn't mean it like that.
I just...
I want him to be safe.
That's all.
[sighs]
I'm going to hold you
to your promise
a little bit longer.
[banging on door]
[Cliff]
Larry, get your bandages on.
We're going to that
stupid fucking parade.
And I need help walking.
Yeah. I'm a little busy
right now, Cliff.
- Sorry about that, he's a--
- Well, I'm sorry.
You only have so much time
on this Earth
and your friends
want you to go to a parade.
- Why wouldn't you go?
- [sputters] Yeah, I'm not
really a parade type of guy.
I'm more of a stay-at-home
and stare-out-the-window
type of guy.
Keeg, would you like to go
to a parade?
[electrostatic buzzing]
Well, that settles that.
[grunts]
I will rest on this
military-grade rectangle
you call a mattress,
re-gather my strength.
And you... go to a parade.
[sighs]
[soft piano music playing]
[Larry] Hm.
[chuckles] Thank you.
[festive music playing]
[laughing]
[exhales]
- Everything all right?
- Never better.
[chuckles]
So, uh, what do we think
of Isabel?
Oh, I'll figure that out later.
For now,
let's just enjoy the moment.
Wow. That's quite a U-Turn.
What happened
to dark and vengeful?
You never told me being
a superhero was so much fun.
[chuckles]
Not just for the fame,
but for the feeling
of doing something good
in the world
and being recognized for it.
Mm.
But also, the fame.
[laughing]
It's nice
to finally be recognized
and experience the fame.
[laughing] You're not wrong.
[sighs] Man, I'd be
lying if I said
I didn't miss it a bit.
Ah, come off it, Victor.
You and I both know
you're destined for something
bigger than this.
You're not going to spend
the rest of your life
taking care of ageing heroes.
- You're Cyborg.
- I'm not--
One day, you're going
to realize that
our little Doom Patrol
just isn't enough for you
anymore. And then...
[Isabel humming]
Hey! Remember me?
How could I forget?
RIght.
I just had a few questions,
you know, for my peace of mind
just to... clear the air.
- Go on.
- Well, it was...
my fault that
you fell into that time hole.
It's my fault that all of this
happened to you, but...
I just wanted to check
that you're okay.
You know,
you were dealt a bad hand.
As was I.
That doesn't make us evil, right?
I don't know
who you think you are,
but you don't know
anything about me.
I have everything...
[laughing]
I have ever wanted.
I'm not evil, I'm famous.
Unfortunately,
I don't believe you...
Immortus.
What did you just call me?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Did I say "Immortus"?
[chuckles]
I meant, Isabel.
[distorted] You dare
utter my true name?
You dare meddle
in my unending legacy
with your mortal clumsiness?
[laughing]
I have seen
your pathetic demise,
Laura De Mille,
as I have seen all things.
But I will gladly rewrite
your history
so that you die today!
[gasping]
[tape rewinding]
[Isabel humming]
- Hey, remember me?
- Sorry, I'm too busy
for selfies right now.
I have to go receive
the key to the city.
Wish me luck!
[crowd cheering]
Do we wave?
[Cliff] I had no idea
we had actual fans.
[Larry] Turns out a very small,
very select group of people
care about us.
[Jane] What the fuck
is that supposed to be?
[crowd chanting] Blob! Blob!
[Rita] That's me!
[laughing]
Blob! Blob! Blob! Blob!
Thank you so much.
Isn't it amazing they're here?
Real superheroes, in Cloverton!
Superheroes? [chuckles]
You mean the freaks out there
on the donkey?
[Larry] Hey,
since we're superheroes again,
I might need everyone's help.
I'm dying.
And Mr. 104
is destabilizing.
If we don't figure out
a solution,
we're probably going to blow up
the entire planet.
Well, I'm sure that's something
the Doom Patrol can help with,
right, Jane?
I don't know.
I might need help too.
I can't find my way
back into the Underground
and I need to get back there
before I forget forever.
That's... complex. But--
If we're all listing problems,
remember that Zombie Butt?
The one I was supposed to kill?
Uh, I didn't kill it.
Yet.
But I did lose it.
[Larry] What the hell?
- [clanging]
- [Cliff] Whoa, whoa.
[Jane] Idiot!
I don't understand.
This is a Rescue Celebration.
I was the one who got rescued.
This parade is supposed to be
all about me.
Of course it's about you.
You were missing
and now you're found.
But the Doom Patrol...
Ah, the Doom Patrol,
they found you.
I mean, they're heroes.
And you are the reason
why they are heroes.
Which is why you were chosen
to present them
with the key to the city.
I'm sorry, did you just say...
[chuckles nervously]
I thought you were giving
me the key to the city.
Sure. We're giving you
the key to the city
so you can give them
the key to the city.
Does that make sense?
Excuse me. Rita!
Rita! Rita! Rita!
Rouge! Hi!
We've got to get out of here!
- What?
- There's something wrong
with Isabel,
we have to stop her.
After you hand them
the key to the city,
I'll make the big announcement...
[voice fades]
we're making today
into a town holiday.
From here on out,
June 5th will be known
as Doom Patrol Day.
[tense music swells]
[Isabel] Doom Patrol Day?
Doom Patrol Day?
[thunder rumbling]
Fuck this!
[roaring]